docs(ios): update Getting Started and Cookbook with NLU sections (#50)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/iOS/cookbook.md

### Regex-based NLU

Let's say you're creating a voice-controlled timer and wish to perform simplistic natural language processing to respond to a handful of commands: `start, stop, reset, start over`. `SpeechEventListener`'s' `didRecognize` might look something like this:

```swift
class MyViewController: UIViewController, SpeechEventListener {

    // ...other SpeechEventListener functions...

    func didRecognize(_ result: SpeechContext) {
        let userText = result.transcript
        if userText.range(of: "(?i)start",
                          options: .regularExpression) != nil {
            // start the timer and change the UI accordingly
            return
        }
        if userText.range(of: "(?i)stop",
                          options: .regularExpression) != nil {
            // stop the timer and change the UI accordingly
            return
        }
        if userText.range(of: "(?i)reset|start over",
                          options: .regularExpression) != nil {
            // reset the timer and change the UI accordingly
            return
        }
    }
}
```

### Extracting an intent slot value from `NLUResult`

> Sticking with a timer app example, here's how to extract a slot value from an `NLUResult`, like one delivered to `NLUDelegate`'s `cliassification` event. Note that the intent and slot names area pre-determined by the NLU model metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sticking with the timer app example, here's how to extract a slot value from an `NLUResult`, like one delivered to `NLUDelegate`'s `classification` event. Note that the intent and slot names are pre-determined by the NLU model metadata.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

class MyViewController: UIViewController, SpeechEventListener, NLUDelegate {

    // ...other delegate functions...

    func classification(result: NLUResult) {
        switch result.intent {
        // using the example of a timer
        case "start":
            // the "start" intent can have a slot named "duration"
            let duration = result.slots["duration"].value

>             let units = result.slots["duration"].type

Reviewer: In this example, the value of your `units` var would just be `integer`—you'd want a separate entity/selset slot to express the actual units.
